Yume no tsuzuki  Oikakete ita hazu nano ni 
Magarikunetta hosoi michi  Hito ni tsumazuku

Though we should have been chasing the continuation of our dream 
We trip over people on this narrow, winding road

Ano koro mitai ni tte  Modoritai wakejanai no 
Nakushite kita sora wo  Sagashiteru 
Wakattekuremasu you ni  Gisei ni natta you na 
Kanashii kao wa yamete yo

Saying, "This is just like back then," doesn't mean I want to go back 
I'm searching for the sky we lost 
I want you to understand 
So stop making a sad face like you're the victim

Tsumi no saigo wa namida janai yo  Zutto kurushiku seotteku nda 
Deguchi mienai kanjou meiru ni  Dare wo matteru no? 
Shiroi no-to ni tsuzutta you ni  Motto sunao ni hakidashitai yo 
Nani kara  Nogaretainda  ... Genjitsu tte yatsu?

Your sins don't end with tears - you will carry them in suffering forever 
Who are you waiting for, in this labyrinth of emotions with no seeable exit? 
I want to spit out the words more honestly, like writing in a blank notebook 
What are you wanting to escape from... this thing called reality?

Kanaeru tame ni  Ikiterundatte  Wasurechai sou na  Yoru no manaka 
Bunan ni nante  Yatterarenai kara  ...Kaeru basho mo nai no 
Kono omoi wo keshite shimau niwa  Mada jinsei nagai desho (I'm on the way) 
Natsukashiku naru  Konna itami mo kangei jan

It seems you've forgotten, in the middle of this night, that we're living to make our wish come true 
We won't be able to take it safe... because we have no place to go back to 
You still have too long a life left to erase those feelings completely, don't you think? (I'm on the way) 
It takes me back, even pain like this is a welcome feeling

Ayamaranakucha ikenai yo ne  Ah, Gomen ne 
Umaku ienakute  Shinpai kaketa mama datta ne

I really need to apologize, don't I? Ah, I'm sorry 
I've made you worry because I couldn't say it right

Ano hi kakaeta zenbu  Ashita kakaeru zenbu 
Junban tsuketari wa  Shinaikara 
Wakkate kuremasu you ni  Sotto me wo tojitanda   
Mitakunaimono made  Miendamon

I carried everything back then, and I'll carry everything tomorrow 
I'm not going to make an order of them or anything 
I want you to understand, so I quietly closed my eyes 
And was able to see even things I didn't want to see

Iranai uwasa ni chotto  Hajimete kiku hatsugen docchi? 
Ni kai attara tomodachi datte?  Uso wa yamete ne 
Akai ha-to ga iradatsu you ni  Karadan naka moeteirunda 
Honto wa  Kitai shiten no  ... Genjitsutte yatsu?

Which of those worthless rumors did I hear first? 
We're friends after meeting just twice? Stop telling lies 
It burns inside my body like my heart is red with irritation 
Does it really give you hope? ...This thing called reality

Kanaeru tame ni  Ikiterundatte  Sakebitaku naru yo  Kikoete imasu ka? 
Bunan ni nante  Yatterarenai kara  ...Kaeru basho mo nai no 
Yasashisa niwa itsumo kansha shiteru  Dakara tsuyoku naritai (I'm on the way) 
Susumu tame ni  Teki mo mikata mo kangei jan

I'm wanting to scream that we're living to make our wish come true - can you hear it? 
We won't be able to take it safe, because we have no place to go back to 
I'm always grateful for your kindness, that's why I want to be strong (I'm on the way) 
I'll welcome friend or foe for the sake of moving forward 

Dou yatte tsugi no doa  Akerundakke? Kangaeteru? 
Mou hikikaesenai  Monogatari hajimatterunda 
Me wo samase   Me wo samase

How exactly will you open the next door? What do you think?? 
You can't take it back now - the story has begun 
Open your eyes, open your eyes

Kono omoi wo keshite shimau niwa  Mada jinsei nagai desho? 
Yarinokoshiteru koto  Yarinaoshite mitai kara 
Mou ichido yukou

You still have too long a life left to erase these feelings completely, don't you think? 
I want to redo the things I left undone, 
So let's go, one more time!

Nakaeru tame ni  Ikiterundatte  Sakebitaku naru yo  Kikoete imasu ka? 
Bunan ni nante  Yatterarenai kara  ...Kaeru basho mo nai no 
Yasashisa niwa itsumo kansha shiteru  Dakara tsuyoku naritai (I'm on the way) 
Natsukashiku naru  Konna itami mo kangei jan

I'm wanting to scream that we're living to make our wish come true - can you hear it? 
We won't be able to take it safe, because we have no place to go back to 
I'm always grateful for your kindness, that's why I want to be strong (I'm on the way) 
It takes me back, even pain like this is a welcome feeling